>> Mike North: So
the last exercise we're gonna do
is we're gonna add HSTS
headers to this Equihax app.
And what we can do is try
a couple lvh.me domains and
see what happens on the first visit and
on subsequent visits.
So we're going to solve
the problem of going through
of adding HSTS headers to our app.
And the problem we're solving
is what happens if someone
tries to downgrade our HTTP
connection to plain HTTP.
So I'm just gonna steal from
my slides this example.
Skipping ahead there,
my example header here and
we're just gonna add it
directly to our server index
here
>> Mike North: Same way we were adding
these other headers.
In fact,
I'll just do it in the same place.
Set header, strict transport security,
and the value is this.
And I'm not gonna,
I'll just make it for a short time,
so I don't mess up lvh.me for myself.
All right, so
also what I wanna do is disable this for
the time being.
>> Mike North: And
what we should see, we're gonna try to
start our app on a plain HTTP connection.
We gotta change our imports as well.
We're gonna try to start our app
on a plain HTTP connection, and
basically our browser should object and we
wanna see what that objection looks like.
>> Mike North: Okay, so let's look down
here and see what's going on.
>> Mike North: DevTools says Aw, Snap.
>> Mike North: The integrity attribute for
that was blocked.
I think we might have
a caching issue here.
>> Mike North: Let me just substitute this
real quick into the SRI header or
the attribute.
>> Mike North: For the JavaScript file,
which is this third one
>> Mike North: Okay.
>> Mike North: So
if we look network response here,
we should see some headers there.
Strict-Transport-Security max-age-6000.
So I'm actually gonna move the certificate
into place that I already have,
and let's see if we can get that to work.
>> Mike North: So
if you're watching the video for
the course, you don't have to do this.
We're just doing it right
now to get around something.
>> Mike North: And pro tip,
whenever you're working with certificates,
at the same time you develop the
certificate add them to your getignore.
Do not accidentally commit
certificate stuff, that's really bad.
>> Mike North: All right,
let's fire it up, see what happens.
Okay, so we're not on HTTPS yet.
Let's see if that switch works now.
>> Speaker 2: So
in the chat, there's some guidance.
You needed it to read
the files from the file
system?
>> Mike North: Yeah.
>> Mike North: I see, it need the needs
the files itself, not just the name.
Thank you.
Sorry, it's tough to talk and
type at the same time.
It's tough to talk and
think at the same time.
>> Mike North: Thank you,
people in the chat for
letting us press on.
And let's see if this just works with
the certificates that are already in
place.
>> Mike North: [SOUND] Much better.
Okay, so if we say HTTPS local host,
you'll note that I've got a little
red thing up here saying not secure.
So that's telling us that there
are some errors, unfortunately,
you used to be able to click right up here
and see what are those errors all about?
Chrome has since buried them down here.
You have to click View Certificate.
You can see that we've got equifax.lvh.me,
that's the domain self-signed
root certificate.
And there's our metadata here, it's
a little tough to see, but it's there.
The certificate error we're running
into down here is that the authority is
invalid.
So if we view the certificate,
actually the easy way to do this on a Mac
to trust this one is to open it in.
And I think if you open it in
Safari these days you can do it.
Show the certificate.
Yes, you can say, always trust this
when connecting to local host.
And I can actually modify
the trust settings here.
>> Mike North: Great, so now I've got
a secure connection.
For Chrome, I'm actually gonna have to,
I believe restart just the browser.
I'm still not happy,
I think now it's unhappy
about the common name.
Let me get out of the Netleaf
version of Chrome,
this is kind of driving us nuts.
>> Mike North: So
excited about those new debugger tools.
>> Mike North: Just
can't use disabled version.
>> Mike North: All right,
so the objections that Chrome has
now in their security tab, it is,
[SOUND] it's still saying
the authority is invalid.
But it's trusted for local hosts.
So let's try using the domain
that it's designed for
equifax.lvh.me.
>> Mike North: Okay,
so my connection is not private,
that's interesting.
Okay, I see the problem.
Subject alternative name missing.
So Chrome had some additional things
that were added in version 58 that
need not just the common name, but
the subject alternative name as well.
We're just gonna switch out
to a different browser.
We'll switch to Firefox and that will not,
no, it's complaining as well.
It's complaining about
local host as it should.
>> Mike North: Nope.
>> Mike North: All right.
>> Mike North: All right, we're here.
Finally, we're in Safari.
Let's open up DevTools.
>> Mike North: So this is fine, right?
And if I were to try a plain
HTTP connection at this point,
it should be really disappointed me.
It kicked me up to HTTPS.
>> Mike North: So
let's try killing the server and
not serving over HTTPS anymore.
That's the easiest way to test this out.
>> Mike North: Okay, so
this is what it's telling us.
An SSL error has occurred.
It can't create a secure
connection to equifax.lvh.me.
So let's see if the other browsers,
I'm curious now to see if
They will spite having
those errors,
the secure connection failed.
So what we're saying here is,
>> Mike North: I
guess this one didn't pick it up.
So we never successfully loaded it,
and so it's not honoring our stuff,
honoring the HSTS orders that we gave it.
But in this situation you
basically got Safari saying,
we're disallowed from making a plain issue
DP connection because we've informed this
particular browser that it is not allowed
to do so in the near future, or for
that prescribed amount of time.